HJ-87 and HJ-88: model changes (#5600)
ethyca/fides: CHANGELOG.md

- New page in the Cookie House sample app to demonstrate the use of embedding the FidesJS SDK on the page [#5564](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5564)
- Added event based communication example to the Cookie House sample app [#5597](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5597)
- Added new erasure tests for BigQuery Enterprise [#5554](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5554)

> - Migration to add the `hidden` and `data_use` columns to `stagedresource` table, prereqs for Data Catalog work in Fidesplus [#5600](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5600/)

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Migration to add the and `data_use` column to `stagedresource` table, prereq for Data Catalog work in Fidesplus [#5600](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5600/)
```

Author: changed: https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5600/files#diff-06572a96a58dc510037d5efa622f9bec8519bc1beab13c9f251e97e657a9d4edR24
